# Extends

```
[subclass, superclass] → []
```

- Action Code: `0x69`
- Stack: `2 → 0`
- SWF version: `7`

## Original documentation

### ActionExtends

ActionExtends implements the ActionScript extends keyword. ActionExtends creates an inheritance relationship
between two classes, called the subclass and the superclass.

SWF 7 adds ActionExtends to the file format to avoid spurious calls to the superclass constructor function (which
would occur when inheritance was established under ActionScript 1.0). Consider the following code:

```as2
Subclass.prototype = new Superclass();
```

Before the existence of ActionExtends, this code would result in a spurious call to the Superclass
superconstructor function. Now, ActionExtends is generated by the ActionScript compiler when the code class A
extends B is encountered, to set up the inheritance relationship between A and B.

| Field              | Type               | Comment           |
|--------------------|--------------------|-------------------|
| ActionCastOp       | ACTIONRECORDHEADER | ActionCode = 0x69 |

ActionExtends does the following:
1. Pops the ScriptObject superclass constructor off the stack.
2. Pops the ScriptObject subclass constructor off the stack.
3. Creates a new ScriptObject.
4. Sets the new ScriptObject’s proto property to the superclass’ prototype property.
5. Sets the new ScriptObject’s constructor property to the superclass.
6. Sets the subclass’ prototype property to the new ScriptObject. These steps are
   the equivalent to the following ActionScript:

   ```as2
   Subclass.prototype = new Object();
   Subclass.prototype. proto = Superclass.prototype;
   Subclass.prototype. constructor = Superclass;
   ``` 
